No need to say more nonsense
What's the matter with me?
Tell me, I don't know if you have time now.
I want to meet and talk about this jade bracelet. By the way
Where are you? I'll just pick you up directly.
I'm at Shengming Pharmacy on Zhongfu Road
encounter something
I don't know if you know this boss.
I don't know him.
What's the matter?
This is the boss's. He sells fake medicine and says you are covering it.
Who the hell is so brave
Dare to deceive people under the banner of Lao Tzu
I'm going to lift his leg now
Yo brother, the acting is quite similar.
You are the boss.
It's me
I'll go now.
I'll be there in 10 minutes.
Yo, your friend has strong psychological quality, right?
Are you still acting here?
How is your psychological quality?
Just meet in 10 minutes
Okay, I'll wait for him for 10 minutes.
Who dares to touch Master Yang?
Do you know what this place is?
No, it's Goldman Sachs.
This is the boss of Goldman Sachs
Mr. Shengjun Sheng
What?
Mr. Sheng, Mr. Yang
Are you all right?
Hey, the new flowers arrived just in time.
Otherwise something will happen
Send me the belt back for a headshot.
I don't know if you and this person
The relationship between this Master Yang
Or lend me 10,000 guts
I wouldn't dare either.
Master Yang
What to do with him